[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
SEEING IS BELIEVING
[Dr. Delâcre] Our heating plant uses
energy supplied by a nuclear reactor,
thanks to which,
we produce thousands
of megawatts of electrical power.
Here is the cooling tower,
the turbine, the alternator,
and finally, the reactor.
[yawns]
This plant is one of the
most powerful in the world.
As chief engineer,
I'm particularly concerned with safety.
[seagulls squawk]
[Dr. Delâcre] And to guarantee
this safety, security measures have been
applied at every level of production.
The plant's design,
its functioning, and problem phases.
We call this combination
of safety measures, "in-depth defense."
I'll be glad to answer any questions.
-[Jeremy] Uh, sir?
-[Ms. Hertz] Yes, go on Jeremy.
I'd like to know if an atomic process
exists for fusing virtual particles
and materializing them in the real world.
Uh-huh.
[sniffs]
Son, that is in the realm
of science fiction. Sorry.
Jeremy is an excellent student,
but a bit of a dreamer.
[other students laugh mockingly]
[student blows raspberry]
-[power cuts out]
-[student gasps]
Well, now, what's happened here?
[clicking]
Oh. It's certainly nothing serious,
just a blown fuse, that's all.
-[bell rings]
-[Jeremy and Odd] Hmm.
[Sissi] Huh.
[tense music]
Hmm?
[sniggers]
I'm saying that maybe
XANA is behind this.
Don't get so excited, Jeremy.
It was just a short circuit.
Hmm.
[Mr. Delmas] Odd?
I've thought it over.
You can form your group. The, um...
"Fox Trot Fanatics"?
Yes!
It's The Pop Rock Progressives, sir!
But it must be open to anyone
who wishes to play. Is that clear?
No problemo, sir!
Hmm.
Yeah! Let's hear it for
the god of rock and roll!
[all] Yeah.
Hey, come on!
If we step on it ,we can photocopy
the leaflets before lunch, Jeremy.
Well, you know, Odd, I'm not into rock.
Besides, I want to check on that outage.
[Yumi] Okay, see you later, Jeremy.
[theme music]
[typing fast]
[Aelita] Hi. Is something wrong, Jeremy?
You know, if you ever have
a problem, you can talk to me about it.
[Jeremy] Weird.
Why can't I hear anything?
Let's check this out.
[Jeremy] Aelita?
-Aelita, do you read me?
-[Aelita] Loud and clear, Jeremy.
Is everything okay?
[Jeremy] We had a power failure
in class this morning,
and the school electricity
system seems to be having problems.
[zoom]
And?...
Do you think XANA's
behind it, Jeremy?
You never know.
Have you noticed anything in Lyoko?
No. Everything's quiet here.
[Jeremy] Okay, I'll do a scan.
If XANA's activated a tower,
we'll find out soon.
Where are you going?
To the cafeteria.
They've got Brussels sprouts today.
Do you know what they are?
Yes, but I don't know
what they taste like. Are they good?
Ugh.
They're gross. Ugh.
[Jim] Odd, what are you up to now?
We're holding auditions for our group.
Hmm.
Hey, if anyone is interested,
we need a drummer.
Here you go.
[tense music]
[theme music]
[Odd] Let's see now.
Hot chocolate? No. Soup, no.
The soup tastes like dishwater.
-Hey, you pressed soup!
-Come on, it's not that awful.
[soup drips]
Oh, this miserable machine's
on the blink again!
Oh!
Maybe it's another power failure.
-Are you worried?
-Yeah, I am.
I'll keep checking things out.
If you need us, we'll be in the gym.
We're going to hold auditions.
[frantic drumming]
[Ulrich] Ugh.
-[crash]
-Yeah!
Well, yeah, you got a lot of style.
It's heavy metal, right?
[Mike] Oh yeah, for sure!
I love it.
Really sorry, Mike, but we're looking for
something more traditional, you know?
[shrugs]
[Odd] Next!
-[door creaks and closes]
-Huh?
Hello guys!
Hey, how are you, Naomi?
I didn't know you played the drums.
Well yeah, a little. Besides, I've always
dreamed of being in a band.
Okay then, go on!
[drumming badly]
[messy drum hits]
Great, Naomi! That was fantastic!
Well, I mean, come on, we're not going
to find anyone better, right?
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Four hundred thousand volts
at a high-tension pylon?
That's not right.
Hmm.
Aelita?
[Aelita] Got anything new?
[Jeremy] Well, not really.
-[beeping and cutting out]
-Huh? Aelita!
[clicks]
-[door slams]
-[grunting]
[panting]
[sparks]
Huh?
[Yumi sighs]
[Ulrich] Huh?
[panting]
This is XANA's doing!
I'm almost sure of it.
Yeah, go on.
[exhales]
The current's cutting out
all around the school,
and the pylon outside is way
over the voltage limit. It could explode!
But why would XANA do that?
Your guess is as good as mine, Ulrich.
-[Sissi] Surprise!
-[Ulrich] Huh?
[tense music]
It's obvious my friends and l
aren't very welcome, but...
My father did say that the band
was open to everybody, right?
Oh but, don't worry, l don't want to be
in a group of deadbeat weirdos.
But Nicolas just loves the drums.
A drummer, huh? What does he play?
His mom's pots and pans?
Okay guys, I'm off to the factory.
Keep you posted!
[drumsticks click]
[drumming]
[steady drumbeat]
-[Ulrich] Huh?
-[Yumi gasps]
Yeah!
[laughing and clapping]
[giggling] Looks like you
found yourself a drummer.
Nicolas? The drummer in our band?
I don't care how good he is,
the answer is no!
Besides, Sissi set this up
just to give us a hard time.
Maybe for once she was trying to help.
And you 've got to admit that
Nicolas can really play the drums.
Better than Naomi. That's for sure.
She's only a beginner.
She needs a little more time.
Uh-huh. A couple of years should do it.
Well if that's how you feel,
then listen up.
If you want Nicolas to be your drummer,
you better find yourself
another guitarist!
And I say if you don't take him,
you better find yourself a new singer!
If Sissi's idea was to cause trouble,
she's done a great job.
-[slide trombone plays]
-[Ulrich] Huh?
Would you guys need
a slide trombone by any chance?
[all] Huh?
[theme music]
[hatch closing]
Aelita?
Sorry about the outage. What's new?
You were right to be worried.
XANA's woken up.
Huh? The scan's picked something up.
The tower XANA's activated
is in the desert region.
I'm on my way.
Be careful, Aelita.
[Aelita] I will.
[computer beeps]
Ugh!
[Jim plays slide trombone]
Well, what do you say?
Jim, the fact is, we're a rock band,
not a military brass band.
[phone rings]
[muffled voice]
Okay, be right there. We're going to
have to audition you another time.
Oh no you don't!
You're not going anywhere unless you
agree to take me as part of your group.
[theme music]
[panting]
[clanking]
Jeremy, we're on our way.
[upbeat music]
Yeah!
[Odd] Yeah!
[upbeat music]
[whirring]
[hatch buzzes and cracks open]
Oh, at last!
Here's what XANA's up to.
Once he's stored enough voltage
in that pylon, he'll unleash it all.
Unleash it where?
Guess! On the nuclear plant!
-...creating a short circuit and…
-[Odd gasps]
[buzzing]
I can't manage to cut the power.
I've tried everything,
I've never seen such a weird thing.
[Jeremy] The pylon can take
one million volts.
Once it's all accumulated,
XANA can blow everything up.
Nuclear sabotage! That's a little
over our heads, wouldn't you say?
Yeah. What do you mean?
Think about it.
If we fail in Lyoko,
the whole region will be wiped out.
We've got to warn the authorities.
[Ulrich] Are you crazy? There'll be
an inquiry and we'll be questioned.
We'll have to tell them everything.
And if they discover XANA,
they'll pull all the plugs out.
[Yumi] And we'll lose Aelita...
I know that!
But we're talking about
a nuclear disaster.
Okay.
Let's take a vote.
Who is for raising the alarm?
For!
Against!
Against.
Sorry, Aelita, but I also think we can't
take this big a risk. I vote "for."
Let's report it.
Well, then. Two votes for
and two votes against, it's a tie.
We don't tell anybody.
I think it means that
we should tell everybody.
[Aelita] Don't I have the right to vote?
Well, sure you do.
That way there won't be a tie.
In that case, I vote "for."
Huh?
I don't want thousands of people
to die just to save me.
Thank you, Aelita.
[theme music]
[hatch buzzes and cracks open]
[upbeat music]
[beeps]
[whooshing]
[upbeat music]
[Ulrich grunts]
[Odd grunts]
[grunts]
We're going to make it, huh, Ulrich?
I sure hope so, Odd.
Okay, I've got it.
The scan has located the activated tower.
[Jeremy] It's in the desert region,
near an oasis.
[Aelita] I know where it is.
That way, on the other plateau.
[groans]
[electricity crackles]
I don't get it. The plant
is functioning perfectly,
but the city is in total darkness.
No need for alarm, though.
We're working on finding the reason.
[knocking]
I'm sorry to disturb you, sir,
but it's really important.
You've got to trust me.
I know it's going to sound crazy, sir,
but please hear me out.
The nuclear plant
is in danger of blowing up.
[all] Huh?
[rumbling]
[Odd] I don't believe this.
What's going on?
[Odd] Where is this tower?
We can't see it now,
but it's here all right.
Look at XANA's pulsations.
They all converge here.
Come on, you can do it!
You can't be too far away.
You've got to find it fast.
The pylon is going to be overloaded soon.
[crackling]
Jeremy,
the principal and Dr. Delâcre
didn't believe me.
We're going crazy here too, Yumi.
The pylon is 85 percent charged,
and we can't find the tower.
[swooshing]
[digital splash]
Huh?
-l found it!
-Huh?
-[Odd] We've been tricked.
There's no water down there,
just a surface layer.
I'll go and have a better look.
[zooming]
[both grunting]
There!
-[laser zooming]
-[Odd] Careful!
[Ulrich] Odd!
[Odd] I hate those horrible crabs!
[mechanical footsteps]
Aelita, it's you they're after.
Go on, run!
[gasps]
Aelita!
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita moans]
[Odd grunts and groans]
[panting]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Ulrich] Hya!
-[Ulrich grunting]
[Ulrich] Ha!
[Ulrich grunts]
[mechanical crab explodes]
Thank you for saving Aelita.
But things look bad here.
Up to 95 per cent! Soon XANA will be
able to attack the nuclear plant.
[siren wailing and electricity crackling]
[Fireman] Could you repeat that?
The voltage that built up in this pylon
is going to be used to blow up
the nuclear power plant, sir.
How can you just stand there?
Do something before it's too late! Huh?
How do you know all that?
[grumbles]
[Ulrich] Go on, go on!
[Ulrich clones grunting]
Fusion! Come on, you only get one shot.
[Odd] Ulrich, are you out of your mind?
-[lasers blasting]
-[Ulrich groans]
No!
Come on, hurry!
The pylon is over 98 percent!
[lasers blasting]
[grunts]
Huh.
[explosion]
Okay, it's up to you, Aelita.
[Fireman] A super computer in a factory?
A virtual world?
Yes, l swear! You have to believe me.
[moans]
[beeping]
-[beeping]
-It's going to work!
No!
[computer beeping frantically]
[electricity crackles]
Oh, no!
[electricity crackling]
[Jeremy gasps]
[beeping]
[crackling ceasing]
[sighs]
Ready for a return trip to the past, Odd?
[zooming]
Okay, hit it! Three, four!
[rock music playing]
[drumming]
♪ Mystery girl from another world ♪
♪ She wanted happiness
and not a lot of stress ♪
[slide trombone playing]
♪ A strange affair that's true ♪
Yeah! [clapping]
[Yumi] ♪ A love affair for you ♪
Yeah!
[upbeat rock music]
[Odd] You were right. He's doing great.
Who you talking about? Jim?
[slide trombone playing]
Great, you guys.
Your energy is super nuclear.
You're going to make this town explode!
[crash]
[applauding]
[theme music]